# Summary
## Chapter-1
Operating Systems is the interface between user and the computer hardware. It is a software that handles all the tasks on computer and used all the resources in proper way. There are many verifies operating systems available in market like UNIX, LINUX, macOS, Solaris etc. It performs all the functions of operating system like memory management, security, device management, error detecting aids and control over system performance. A PC framework is fundamentally a machine that works on muddled undertakings. It ought to augment execution and lessen costs just as force consumption. The various parts in the Computer System Architecture are Input Unit, Output Unit, Storage Unit, Arithmetic Logic Unit, Control Unit and so forth. computer organization is the subject that arrangements with the plan of equipment PC parts and the interface between the equipment and programming. The commonplace subjects of a course in PC association is CPU configuration, store/memory plan, I/O and low level computing construct. An operating system is a software that permits the client application projects to associate with the framework equipment. Working framework without help from anyone else doesn't give any capacity yet it gives an air where various applications and projects can accomplish valuable work.
In organizational studies, resource management is the proficient and powerful advancement of an association's assets when they are required. Such resources might incorporate the monetary assets, stock, human abilities, creation assets, or data innovation and normal assets. Operating system security alludes to determined advances or measures used to shield the OS from dangers, infections, worms, malware or distant programmer interruptions. Operating system security envelops all preventive-control procedures, which shield any PC resources equipped for being taken, altered or erased if OS security is compromised. Virtualization is innovation that allows you to make helpful IT administrations utilizing assets that are generally bound to equipment. It permits you to utilize an actual machine's full limit by dispersing its abilities among numerous clients or conditions. A distributed system is a figuring climate where different parts are spread across numerous PCs on an organization. These gadgets split up the work, organizing their endeavors to finish the task more productively than if a solitary gadget had been answerable for the errand. The kernel data structures are vital as they store information about the present status of the framework. For instance, if another cycle is made in the framework, a part information structure is made that contains the insights concerning the interaction. They might contain information just as pointers to different information structures. 

## Chapter-2 
The chapter on Operating system structures covers identifying the services provided by an operating system. Operating system structures help in interacting between the system hardware and the user applications. The services provided to programs and users vary from a user interface that is Command Line (CL), Graphic User Interface (GPU), touch screen, or batch. With the help of interfaces, the system may be able to load, run and execute the program that involves the I/O device. After acquiring the command from the user interfaces, the system call transfers the contents from the source file to the destination file. The system call interface turns the OS kernel and returns the status of system calls with the help of the most accessed program Application Programming Interface (API). System calls are further divided into various categories to perform the build and file and device management (create and delete files, request devices, logically attach or detach devices), maintaining the information, communication, and protection. For example, FreeBSD is a Unix variant system call that does multitask with the user’s choice of the shell to execute the load program into the process. 
           However, the operating system is viewed by users mostly by system programs rather than system calls. System services are more complex than system calls providing a more suitable environment to load and execute programs. The next topic discussed in this chapter is linkers and loaders, their main function is to generate and load the files to the main memory. For example, statically linked libraries in Windows, DLLs are loaded and shared by all those who have the same version of the library. The design of OS is affected by the choices of hardware depending upon the requirement of user goals and system goals. The evolution of OS started from OSes to system programming languages like Algon, PL/1, and now C or C++.  As OS is a big program, OS structure differs from simple to complex ones such as MS-DOS and UNIX.  However, nowadays, hybrid systems are in demand as it combines the Linux and Solaris kernels in address space stepping ahead of monolithic feature by providing dynamic loading of functions. For example, Apple Mac OS and IOS structure. Androids also use open source similar to IOS stack based on Linux kernel including a core set of libraries and Dalvik virtual machine. OS is pre-installed in new computers, but new programs can be easily built from the operating source code. Once the new program is installed system boot locates the kernel, loads it into the memory, and starts the program. The debugging is the next step in OS to find the errors and fix them. All the performance of OS can be managed and tuned by removing all the jams. Also call invocation helps trace system calls, source-level debugger, Linux performance. BCC (BPF Compiler Collection) is the most popular toolkit to trace the features of Linux.

## Discussion
In the chapter on OS structure, we have read the information on the structures. There are various structures in OS such as traditional UNIX structure, Linux system structure, Layered Approach, and Microkernels. Each of them has a unique functioning design different from each other. We want to discuss the UNIX system structure that is simple with few layers. A kernel is a software application that provides the interface between the user and the hardware, and the shell works as a mediator in translating the commands. The user gives a command, and the shell translates the command and returns it in the system call interface to the kernel. After receiving the data in the kernel, signals start handling the character of I/O in terminal drivers. Now, the CPU schedule to replace the page demanding the virtual memory. The final step of the UNIX structure is the interfacing of the kernel to hardware. In this step, the terminal controls the terminals, the device starts controlling the disk and tapes and physical memory is controlled. In these following steps, the Unix system structure provides facilities like disk checking, process scheduling, error logging, printing, etc.
To control and oversee PC equipment, programming assets, and Operating framework is needed for the PC. The working framework goes about as the transitional among equipment and the client characterized application programming. Unix is a performing various task, multiuser working framework. It was created at Bell Labs research focus during the 1970s by Ken Thompson, Dennis Ritchie, and others. This working framework was extraordinarily intended to deal with huge, centralized server frameworks. Unix is composed utilizing a C programming language. It is the primary convenient working framework and is being utilized on various stages. It gives different progressed security highlights. This OS is utilized on different gadgets like PCs, Tablets, Mobile gadgets, and so forth. It assumed a fundamental part in the improvement of the Internet and systems administration.
Unix has a graphical UI like the Windows working framework that makes it simple for route and a decent steady climate. The interior plan perspective on this working framework can be known from its engineering. The design of this working framework is four layered. It comprises of Hardware, Kernel, System Call interface(shell) and application libraries/apparatuses, utilities, and so forth… The bit controls the equipment of the PC and dwells at the center of the design. Framework calls goes about as the interface between the piece and different libraries. These libraries incorporate general capacities and based on top of the framework calls. Shell is an uncommon application that gives an interface to different uses of the engineering.
